Add possibility to configure mTLS `validityDays` and `renewalDays` for each `KafkaUser` (#12658)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.0

* New Cluster operator configuration option `STRIMZI_PKCS12_KEYSTORE_GENERATION` to disable generating PKCS12 stores in CA and Kafka user `Secret` resources.
* Support for dependency scope configuration of Maven artifacts in Kafka Connect Build
* Support for configuring per-broker listener annotation and label templates.
* Add `UseBackgroundPodDeletion` feature gate (alpha, disabled by default) to use background deletion propagation when deleting pods during rolling updates. 
* Strimzi Drain Cleaner updated to 1.6.0 (included in the Strimzi installation files)
* Strimzi Access Operator updated to 0.3.0 - included in Strimzi installation files, examples, and documentation

> * Add possibility to configure mTLS `validityDays` and `renewalDays` for each `KafkaUser`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It's now possible to configure mTLS `validityDays` and `renewalDays` for each `KafkaUser`
```
